The down style with the record on the
wall.
>> [singing]
>> The down style with the record on the
wall.
>> All right, y'all. Today is Wednesday,
and we are live. God bless everybody in
Jesus name. And look, guys,
can we
can we today finally get a thousand
likes
for a thousand-dollar giveaway in the
first hour? We get a thousand likes in
the first hour to do a
one-thousand-dollar giveaway. Let's
smash it up. Big shout out to Red
Elephant in the house. Shout out to
Getchy M92. Shout out to Real Cypher
Rider. Shout out to Preparing for War,
shout out to Crypto Jim 8380.
If I see a dirty chair
above a good chair, warsh.
If I see a dirty chair, I'm not going to
warsh myself because I'm going to sit in
a dirty chair already. And you know what
guys? Today's the day that Kevin Warsh
is coming out the dang closet.
Because today, as you can see, it's the
FOMC press conference where Kevin Warsh
himself is about to come out and tell us
about the state of the economy,
about inflation.
Federal funds rate, projections,
statements, and of course the press
conference. And I'm excited because we
have a new Fed chair, Kevin Warsh,
coming on in guys. I mean, look at this
guy right here.
How do you feel Kevin Warsh? I feel
pretty good Jason. You know, I'm really
excited. Now that Jerome Powell's gone,
I'm going to come in now and I'm going
to tell you all about inflation. Oh,
thank you Kevin.
Kevin man,
quit looking at me like that bro, you're
creeping me out.
What do you mean Jason? Why am I
creeping you out? Well, I don't know
man.
It's just creepy the way you're like
shaking your head like that. What are
you talking about Jason? Now getting
back to the Bitcoin chart.
You can see that the Bitcoin price is in
between a rock and a hard place as we
have currently made a nice bottom right
here at around $59,000.
CDW of range low, get a move to the
upside, back test, get a move above the
support resistance flip back test, and
now we're trying to get a break up
towards $68,000. The question is, is our
good friend Kevin Warsh
going today
to
to cause us to pump or are we going to
see some really volatility, some really
volatility? We're going to not only be
looking at the Bitcoin here,
but we're going to be looking at the
stock market. We're going to be looking
at the dang dollars, the DXY. We're
going to be looking at the S&P 500,
5,000,
5 million.
That's what happens to inflate.
Inflation will turn the S&P 500 to the
S&P 5000, baby.
That's just what happens. All right.
Big shouts to everybody in the chat
right now. Yeah, the look in Kevin
Warsh's eye. You guys know what I'm
saying? Big shout out to Preparing for
War. Big shout out to Splashfire Films.
Big shout out to Lee Luis Well Rivera.
And shout out to Giga
>> [music]
>> Get Getch Daryl.
Getch Daryl 1611, baby. God bless you,
man. Shout out to Spectral Dragon.
And shout out to Kevin VH. Kevin, we got
VH in the house with Kevin Warsh in the
house, baby. Hey Jason. Hey everybody.
I'm really excited to give my speech
today with you guys on watching on Jason
Casper's YouTube channel. Make sure to
smash up the likes on Jason Casper's
YouTube channel because I hear
if he gets a thousand likes in an hour,
he'll give away 1,000 USDT. 1,000 US
Donald Trumps. Yep.
Man, it sure is fun to be the chairman
of the Federal Reserve. We're not
federal. We're not a reserve.
But it sure is fun.
We're going to be taking a look at a lot
of things here, guys. We're going to
take a quick look at the ES.
Of course, ES stock market's pumping,
baby. I mean, we did just recently hit a
new all-time high.
Uh Was that yesterday already? No, two
days ago now. On the S&P 500, baby. Wow,
that is crazy.
That is crazy. We're going to be looking
at the dollar. Look at the dollar
holding steady.
The dollar holding steady in a range. We
should probably even be looking at
>> [music]
>> You know what? Look, when when this news
drops, it's going to affect my This is a
brand new
Listen, what what is that?
SpaceX.
We should take a look at SpaceX, too.
That That thing is all the rage. Look at
this thing pumping all the way up. Can
you believe it?
SpaceX pumping all the way up.
To the 2.272 above $217 just front
running the 2.618.
That is pretty crazy on the weekly time
frame. Look at this crazy thing.
Space X, wow.
You know, the last 8 hours we've had a
little bit of a downturn here, but my
goodness, look at this Space X filling
the gap.
Filling the gap that we were looking at
the other day.
Would you look at that?
Can you believe that?
Filling the dang gap like that.
Talk about a gap fill and a pump, baby.
Do you fill the gap and you pump?
You got the peanut butter jelly and the
pump with our good friend Kevin Warsh.
Oh, man, I'm so excited to move the
markets today, everybody. First, we got
the announcement at 2:00 p.m. That's
about 20 minutes. As you can see here,
the federal funds rate.
Now, of course, everybody's expecting a
big nothingburger here.
All right, but here's the thing. I'm not
going to let my first press conference
turn into a nothingburger. Heck, no.
You see the hair around my forehead
here? You see that shape? You know what?
You can tell by my hairline here that
price is making higher lows and higher
highs. Let's take a quick look as we
zoom in on the hairline.
You can see right here, price
making a high, making a higher low,
making a higher high over here in the
upper left quadrant of the forehead.
You can only That only means one thing
for the markets, everybody. Let me tell
you.
Here we go, baby. Here we go, Bitcoin
pumping, too.
We got 20 minutes, and we got some super
chats in the house. Make sure to smash
up the dang likes, guys. All right.
First of all, we got
Javier Sandhu.
Says, "Hey, bro, what exchanges do you
recommend to trade at?" Well,
look, I'm currently trading right now.
I'm trading on Antarctic, I'm trading on
KSEX.
I'm trading on BlowFin. Those are my
three main exchanges. [music] Antarctic,
KSEX, and BlowFin. Antarctic, KSEX, and
BlowFin. Antarctic, KSEX, and BlowFin.
Antarctic, KSEX, and BlowFin. Antarctic,
KSEX, and BlowFin.
All right.
>> [singing]
>> That's where I'm trading at, baby.
So, that's the ones I recommend. And big
shout out to Dennis Marv. Everyone in
the chat chipped in a few cents to say
God bless you, Jay, and thank you for
being here to break down what's
happening for us. Smash up the likes.
Big shout out to my man, Dennis Marv, in
the house with the super chat, $2.50.
>> [laughter]
>> That's how it's American.
Is that euros or pounds? It looks like
euros. I don't know. I'm an American.
$2.50 cents.
All right. Over from Europe. Europe's a
cool country.
Europe's a cool country.
If you're from the country of Europe,
I'm cool with you. But, you know who's
not from the country of Europe? Good old
Kevin Warsh
from the good old United States of
America.
From the good old United States of
America. Look at that American-looking
hairline he's got here. Oh my goodness,
Jason, I cannot wait to move the market
during this press conference. I'm so
excited.
He's excited. We're excited. You're
excited. I'm excited. We got Pepe coin
chopping around. We got Ethereum
chopping around, too.
Man, what is going to happen today?
Look at this. Let's check out ETH. We'll
go to the daily timeframe as we are
currently testing the POC. Um we are at
the place right now, guys, where if we
are going to pump, we're going to see
big pumps.
If we're going to dump on this news, uh
there are going to be big dumps cuz it's
pretty clear Ethereum right now coming
to the major support resistance flip,
the POC around $1,870.02.
If we reclaim this, you could easily see
how we could squeeze all this.
Right? This is a tube of open toothpaste
on the floor.
Your kids learning how to brush their
teeth, they left a tube of that beginner
toothpaste, Elmo bubble gum flavor,
bubble gum flavored
bubble gum flavored Elmo toothpaste on
the floor.
And it's nighttime. You're walking to
the bathroom. You got to take a pee cuz
you're drinking so much coffee all day.
You got to pee in the middle of the
night. That spiked high cortisol keeping
you up all night. You're not taking
enough glycine. Haven't been watching
enough MM Health videos about how how
sleep soundly without peeing all night.
And you're about to squeeze that tube of
toothpaste with your feet, damn that
squeeze going to shoot far. It's going
to shoot real far. You ever step on a
tube of toothpaste and see how far that
thing shoots, baby?
It shoots so far. It's a good thing that
thing isn't isn't deadly.
It could kill somebody.
Of course, if
Kevin Warsh comes out hawkish, you know,
we might see things take a dump here.
So, we'll have to really wait and see,
but I'm excited, you're excited.
We take a look at Forex Factory, we got
the trifecta
of events here. First of all, we got the
federal funds rate.
All right, this is the decision. We're
expecting no change. All right, so
really it's going to come down to the
press conference. How is he feeling? Is
he feeling hawkish or is he feeling
dovish? Depending on on the the species
of bird will really depend on,
you know, how how the market's moving.
Then, of course, we've got the the press
conference.
Right? And that's really where we get
the idea of what he thinks is going to
be having in next.
All right, so we're going to watch it
together.
And we're we're we're getting ready. We
got 15 minutes. Big shout out to our
super chat. What are my thoughts about
BingX? Um I used to trade on BingX, but
then they got rid of all their dank
pairs. I could no longer trade the SPX
on there.
Uh and then they they they needed a VPN
and then they needed KYC and it's like,
all right, all right, all right,
already.
>> [music]
>> I'm out of here, but I used to love
BingX. I ain't got nothing nothing
against the exchange, to be honest with
you. It's
All right, I ain't got nothing against
all right.
Does anyone know of a stream covering
the meeting today? Not sure.
Europe is a country, not a continent,
says Dr. Rex.
My bad, Europe is a country and not a
continent, says Dr. Rex.
Shout out to Dr. Rex.
Um [music]
KCSX for the win. Yeah, KCSX, that's
where it's at, super low fees.
>> [music]
>> Shout out to Crypto Coons. God bless
you, my bro.
Shout out to Jackie Boy TNP. My
hairline's at all time highs. 236% pump
in a year. That's what happens during a
bear market.
That's what happens during a bear
market.
You think Asia's a better country? A
better country? Better [music] country?
How am I up 20K? Well, I have $270,000
on Bitcoin from 61,000.
So, that's up about 20K.
Um
Of course, I'm in the short trade as
well.
Which is up 9K. And that's got about
>> [music]
>> quarter million on the trade as well.
So,
go figure.
Go figure. Just went long on silver.
We'll take a look at silver and gold.
Um
272,000. Look at the liquidity up there.
Let's check out the liquidity on
Bitcoin.
Um
Yeah, this is That's a good thought
there.
Um
That's a good thought there, bullish on
parade.
So,
>> [music]
>> man.
Wow. I mean, this this chart really does
say it all, huh?
This chart really does say it all. So,
man. Man.
Man, oh man, oh man. Like, what can I
say about this?
So far, we're holding resistance at this
POC. This POC of the previous range
here.
And like, where are we pulling this
thing from? Like,
this we had a little bit of value area
shift here.
Essentially, what's happening right now,
guys, with Bitcoin price,
is
we are
trying to reclaim
this major zone of resistance here.
We have some pretty bottomed out signs
on the daily, some pretty bottomed out
signs on the weekly. We are trying to
reclaim this key area right here. All
right?
The reason why this is so key is because
this is the value area low.
Anything below this, since February 2nd,
has been considered overvalued Bitcoin.
And once we can if we lose it and come
back in, chances are high as we come up
all the way to 76,000.
However, we need to get past this high
volume node first. And we did get a
rejection from the high volume node that
happened on Monday,
the 15th of June.
So, today could be a catalyst for either
a big push up or a big push down. If we
reclaim and make starting higher highs
here and we're reclaiming $68,000
on the daily time frame,
as my friend Bullish on Parade is
pointing out, it becomes a very, very
quick move
back up to these areas, the mid-70s. The
reason is because
not only
is it most probable having reclaimed the
POC, but also look on the daily, guys.
There's literally no resistance here. We
came straight down, and so we could
easily toothpaste squeeze up bubble gum
flavor toothpaste to the upside.
Not only that, but if we take a
Fibonacci from the high to the low,
you can see that the Fibonacci golden
pocket is coming in right there as well.
And we have the beautiful zone of
Fibonacci confluence between the 618 and
the 786. We go ahead and we draw the
rectangular formation here.
Scoop.
And we could easily, easily
get a move up to there, guys. I mean,
this this could be a reality. We take a
look at the weekly time frame,
and [music]
we are potentially, for the first time,
since November 2022, printing a bullish
divergence on the weekly.
I don't think the bottom's in yet.
That's just a feeling of mine, but even
here, look at this like on the two-day,
the two-day money flow divergence is out
the wazoo.
>> [music]
>> If we get one more low on the two-day,
it would look insanely bullish,
honestly.
One more low on the two-day would be
insanely bullish. The daily,
you know, right now we we don't have
bullish divs at this low. If we get a
red dot on the daily,
and we come down and we make another
low, let's say we come down to the
mid-50s,
that would actually start to look
extremely bullish on the the as well as
the weekly.
If we turn to the weekly time frame
and we pull the macro Fibonacci from the
bear market bottom to the all-time high,
you will see that that mid-50s zone is
none other than
the Fibonacci golden pocket.
All right?
>> [music]
>> You see that?
So, that could be a very significant
bottom coming back down to the bottom of
this previous range right here.
Holding this area support could be very
nice. Could be.
You know, these are all levels, all
things I'm looking at as we have
currently 11 minutes until not Jerome
Powell
makes the decision. All right? He's not
Jerome Powell anymore. His name is Kevin
Warsh.
Hey everybody, thank you so much for
watching Jason Casper. You know, Jason
Casper is my favorite YouTuber.
I watch his YouTube videos all the time.
I stay up all night watching his old
live stream from 2022 and 2023 and 2021.
Gives me so much joy in my heart.
Thank you, Kevin. You're too kind.
You're too kind. Oh, no.
Oh, no.
We got the big dirty purple candle
coming up on the screen, if you know
what I mean. We got the big daddy dirty
purp
coming on the screen.
Let's go to the 15-minute time frame.
Oof, looks like we might Bart Simpson
all the way back down to the bottom.
Sheesh.
38K coming next? Very might be.
Very well might be.
Um
But yeah, seriously, um
the only way 38's coming next is if we
continue the same pattern that we've
done every other cycle in the past. And
Bitcoin never does the same thing twice,
right? I mean, this time's always
different, right?
>> [laughter]
>> Right?
No? You mean it always does do the same
thing?
Well, look guys, this time's different.
I mean, ETFs, institutions, governments,
this time's bound to be different. I
mean, come on, we made a new all-time
high before the halving, right?
Right?
>> [laughter]
>> Mhm.
Well, I don't know. Look, here's the
thing. Every cycle as we know, as we've
as we've been known to say on this
channel, we do make our way all the way
down to the 6806,
which this case is going to be our
$39,000 level. Like, this this is the
bear market target assuming things
happen the same way that they've been
happening for Bitcoin for the past
Well, I guess the past three bull bear
cycles.
You know, the past three bull bear
So, we're getting a big old juicy blue
on the chart.
All right.
Shout out to Dusty Hunt.
Shout out to Santos 2080.
And um [music]
Shout out to LFB, yeah, the big dirty
perp. Shout out to the original KB Hops.
3-minute about to slingshot. Let's check
out the 3-minute Market Cipher B, baby.
We'll check out the order flow as well.
Oof, 3-minute
Market Cipher B.
Interesting, very interesting. Look at
that money flow.
We have 8 minutes, guys, until you know
who starts doing you know what.
You know who is going to start doing you
know what.
Man, you know who?
You know who is going to start doing you
know what?
Who? What?
Exactly. Exactly. Here we go, 3-minute
about to slingshot.
>> [music]
>> forexfactory.com, we got our countdown,
7 minutes and 6 seconds
until the ultimate volatility happens.
People are not prepared
for the volatility that is about to
ensue
on this insane Bitcoin price as we're
currently at 20,000 US Donald Trump's
right now.
Um precious metal super cycle incoming.
Precious metals always in a supercycle.
All right?
Kevin VH90 will save us all.
Quality crypto says, "Do you think Kevin
also likes purple ties like Jerome Piz
Powell?"
Jerome Powell?
I don't know. We have to wait and see,
but you know what is sad
is when I go try and search for the Fed
live video.
Okay, it's working now. Cool.
Yeah. Yeah, cool, cool, cool, cool.
Yeah, baby. That's That's what I'm
talking about.
So, we will watch this live, man. I
cannot wait. You know, sometimes
sometimes it's it's fun to change up
your your your chair.
You know what I'm saying? Sometimes it's
nice to have a new chair. You know, you
come home from work, you're tired,
you're hungry.
You ask your wife, "What's for dinner?"
She says the same thing as always,
"Hamburger Helper."
Hamburger Helper like all good American
families eat every night.
You're excited. Hamburger Helper, my
favorite, you know?
And you sit [music] down and it's the
same old chair that you've been sitting
in every single day for the last 12
years of your marriage. And you look at
your wife
and you say, "You know what, wife? I'm
just not satisfied with this life at all
because I'm sick of this old chair.
I'm sick of this old chair. I cannot
even enjoy my Hamburger Helper dinner
with this old chair underneath my
patootie."
And then she says, "Jay,
you know, I know you would feel that
way. I have a surprise for you."
She opens up the closet door. Guess
who's there? A new chair.
>> [laughter]
>> "Hello, Jason. I'm here to help you eat
your Hamburger Helper." He takes the
spoon, he puts it in your plate, you
open your mouth in utter shock. Ah. He
puts the spoon in. Ah. He closes your
mouth for you. Ah.
Man, this new chair.
I love this new chair. It makes my
dinner so much more enjoyable. As we're
up now 21,000 US dollars.
Sheesh, my goodness. Let me put on my
bull glasses, guys. Let me put on my
Mexican gangster glasses over here
with my bull glasses as we are excited.
Let's check the time clock over here.
Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's
see. Ah, 4 minutes and 30 seconds left
until our good friend Kevin Kevin Vuosh
comes out and of course after he he
helped me eat your hamburger helper, you
don't even have to wash your hands cuz
you didn't have anything to do with that
consumption.
You didn't have anything to do with it.
We We got Let's see here. Big shout out
to our super chat K-trades.
Hey Jay, I joined Antarctic through your
link. My 10K USD transfer has been
pending.
Don't worry, man. If that If you have
any issues, we will get it sorted out
ASAP.
I promise you that. All right? I promise
you that. All right? I myself
will reach out to Antarctic and get
everything settled if there's any issue.
All right? I got you. I got you, man.
Thank you so much for the super chat.
All right, big shout out to why are you
gay?
Big shout out to
Rostabulu. Racist or not? Here's the
thing. Baby boomers, we can get away
with a lot of things without being
racist.
>> [music]
>> We can use the phrase cotton picking
and no one really thinks it's racist.
It's just an expression after all. You
know what I'm saying? We could use
different terms. Look, we grew up with
it. We grew up with it. You know what
I'm saying?
So, look, as a baby boomer, I get the I
get the free pass, baby. It's not until
you're a millennial where everything
becomes racist. All right? If you're a
If you're a millennial, I'm sorry,
you're racist. You're extremely racist.
You don't even know how racist you are.
Fact The fact that you think you're not
racist shows how racist you actually
are.
And if you don't believe me, go to
college. They'll teach you.
This is exactly what I learned in
college after I got my degree in trans
non-carbon binary emission gender
intersectionality studies. Here's a
picture of me back in those days.
Look at that racist piece of, you know,
what.
That racist piece of purple hair. My
goodness, makes me sick to my stomach.
>> [laughter]
>> You know, I learned in college I I
learned in college
about how racist I was.
You know, it's all it's all about the
oppressed and the oppressors, guys. You
know what I'm saying?
Um
Is Ksex okay to use? Yeah, you know
what? Look, here's the thing. I've never
had any issues with Ksex.
I like Ksex for the low fees, all right?
Here's the thing. You got to make sure
that whatever exchange you're trading
on, you're comfortable with it.
All right? You got to make sure you're
comfortable with it, all right?
Um
Nice purple hair. Thank you. Thank you.
I know. I had to Here's the thing. I had
to change up the look. We have 3
minutes, guys. And Oh my goodness, a man
in adult diapers, a pic mustache.
Oh no, my seed phrase leaked again.
Crap. All right. Let's see.
1 minute and 51 seconds
until the utter debauchery. Oh my
goodness, guys. I'm so excited. I'm
licking my lips.
>> [laughter]
>> Kevin Warsh, I'm sitting in my new
chair. He's feeding me Hamburger Helper.
I can't wait.
Oh man, 1 minute and 36 seconds. We got
our Hamburger Helper.
We got our degree in trans non-carbon
binary emission gender intersectionality
safe space Pakistani studies.
We got ourselves 1 minute and 30 seconds
left.
We have the hairline making higher highs
and higher lows on our new chair, Jerome
Walsh.
Jerome and Walsh wash. Wash your hands,
baby.
Wash your hands.
You Federal Reserve, you dirty
institution, you.
You dirty institution, you.
Ah, all right, here we go, baby.
Here we go. I'm so excited. Like I'm not
even kidding.
We got 58 seconds.
You guys excited? Put a one in the chat
if you're excited, guys. 1,000 likes in
the first hour, we're giving away
$1,000. I'm feeling it today, baby. I'm
feeling like giving away money today.
If we don't get 1,000 likes here here
here, you know what? Let me try
something else for likes. I'm going to
take it to a new level with 40 seconds
left. If we don't get 1,000 likes, I am
going to zap my tongue
with this bug zapper. I'm going to push
the button to light up that red light.
I'm going to zap MY OWN FACE.
>> [screaming]
>> IF WE DON'T GET 1,000 LIKES, IF WE DO,
I'm giving away $1,000. If we have 24
seconds left.
Let's go, baby.
Let's go. Here we go.
1 minute, here we go. Come on, baby.
Let's watch the Bitcoin action.
Going to watch the Bitcoin, but let's
split the screen
into various different charts.
All right. Here we go.
We got the Bitcoin.
Let's put on the SPX.
SPX 500.
OH MY GOODNESS, WE'RE DUMPING. LOOK AT
THE STOCK MARKET DUMPING. WE GOT A
MASSIVE RED CANDLE.
All right, we got the dollar, the US
dollar index, baby.
All right. Let's put it on the 15-minute
chart. Dollar's pumping, everything else
is dumping right now, guys.
Oh my goodness, look at the dollar
pumping. Look at Bitcoin and the stocks
dumping. Holy moly, macaroni and cheese.
OH MY GOODNESS, we're dumping so fast.
I have never
lost $2,000 in a second as the dollar's
pumping. Let's see what the news said
here.
Exactly as predicted, a big old nothing
burger.
All right, Warsh. We need you to come
out of the closet, baby.
Give it to us straight. Don't give it to
us gay, baby, because we need to pump.
All right. Tack bots, well, I forgot
about that. That's a blast from the
past.
Oh my goodness, look at this crazy
purple candle on Bitcoin. Look at this
red candle on the S&P 500. Look at this
massive green pump candle on the dollar.
Would you look at that massive candle on
the dollar? Oh my goodness.
Let's go to the 5-second time frame on
the dollar.
Oh man.
The 5-second time frame on the dollar,
let's see what's going to happen here.
Looks like Bitcoin is starting to get a
little bit of recovery. Looks like the
S&P 500 has taken the lows.
Look at this, we've taken the low right
here. Can we hold? Can we get a swing
failure pattern here?
Let's put our Market Cipher B on on the
S&P 500.
All right, let's get our favorite
indicator on Market Cipher B.
All right, Market Cipher B.
Let's put it on.
I don't see Market Cipher B. Where are
you, Market Cipher B?
Market Cipher B.
There it is.
Oof, looks like we're losing level.
Money flow coming out on the S&P 500,
guys.
All right, let's take a look at the S&P
500 nice and big.
>> [music]
>> Uh-oh, are we going to fill the gap?
We've got a big old gap on the S&P.
We we will fill a gap uh with the wick
of the gap coming down right here
at 7,456.
Can you imagine a big dump to 7,456?
We do have a little bit of resistance
right here as well
on this wick. Let's get back to our
4-hour time frame.
Uh-oh, Market Cipher B printing a red
dot on the 4-hour
on the S&P 5000.
Bitcoin doing its best to hold steady.
Look at Bitcoin has come down to back
test the support resistance flip. We've
come down to around this level right
here. You can see it goes all the way
back to Tuesday the 16th of June.
Support resistance resistance breakout.
Are we going to hold? We pull the
Fibonacci from the low to the high on
Bitcoin.
We are front running that local golden
pocket. If we pull it from here, we're
bouncing from the golden pocket from the
last swing low to the current swing
high. Put on market cipher B and there's
a potential for a bullish divergence
just in breaking news. 3-minute market
cipher B potentially forming up a
bullish divergence right here.
But we must hold the level. 6-minute
market cipher B, how she looking?
She's looking scaly.
She's looking hairy.
She's looking like she's intolerant to
dairy and she just drank a whole gallon
of pasteurized fat-free sugar milk
from the store and not only that, it's 2
days past the best buy date.
It's good thing the whole thing's
homogenized
cuz we don't want our milk to be
unhomogenized. There's nothing worse
than taking a sip of something you like
and then taking a sip of something
totally foreign into the first sip cuz
your milk hasn't been homogenized.
We're holding. We're bouncing. Come on,
baby.
12-minute market cipher B, let's see.
Oof, this is really not looking the
best, guys.
All right, let's take a look at the
order flow.
Connection lost.
My VPN is from the country of Europe.
Europe, you got your syrup on the
pancakes if you're from Europe.
All right. Big shout out to Europe if
you put the syrup
on your pancakes.
It's the 1-minute time frame. Big
decrease of open interest.
All right, so this has just been a
squeeze, baby. This is literally a long
squeeze. You can see longs out wrecked.
Shorts not really opening up here, but
you can also clearly see the importance
of this support resistance flip.
All right, [music] we're trying to hold,
trying to hold, trying to hold. It's
getting old. We're down.
We were up Whoa, we were up 21 grand on
the trade. Now we're down 17 grand.
Guys, easy come easy go as we are not
only getting a dump, but really this is
not looking good and I'll tell you why.
You know, the Bitcoin price not only is
she getting a dump here, but if we go to
the 4-hour time frame,
she is rejecting from the Fibonacci dang
golden pocket from the highs to the low.
Now, I honestly, I don't like the look
of these highs, but this is not a good
look for Bitcoin. Come on, bitty. You
got to hold. You got to hold. Come on,
4-hour green dot. You got to hold. It's
getting old.
It's getting old. We got to hold. Guys,
in 25 minutes, our good friend Mr.
Warsh,
he's going to warsh all this dirt away
as we experience together.
Oh my goodness, the dollar is pumping.
Who is pumping the dollar right now?
Look at the dollar.
This is insane. Look at that crazy
candle on the dollar.
Oh my goodness, this is the kind of
candle I want for Bitcoin.
Whenever I'm in a losing trade, I just
look at the dollar and it calms all my
nerves. I pretend like I'm in a a long
on the dollar.
Are you long on the dollar?
Are you or are you long on Bitcoin,
baby?
My goodness, this is not looking good.
My goodness, this is looking terrible.
Look at this giant purple candle on the
on
>> [music]
>> You know what?
You know what? You know what would be
crazy if we did?
Imagine this, apply defaults
to the chart.
Look at this. Have you guys ever seen me
use
a chart like [music] this
where Bitcoin is literally red and
green?
Jason Casper using red and green, what
could it mean?
My goodness, red and green candles.
Can you Can you lick your own sandals
with your red and green candles?
I'm licking my sandals with red and
green candles.
Sounds like an old nursery rhyme. I'm
licking my sandals with red and green
candles. We're bouncing from the 786,
what a scandal.
I'm licking my sandals with red and
green candles. We're bouncing [snorts]
from the 786, what a scandal.
You know?
Um
Why did the dollar pump? Look, it's just
an inverse of of Bitcoin.
You know, that's the thing. You know.
Uh
Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, man. We have 24 minutes until
the press conference.
Hey, yo. Uh
I'm looking at my sandals. Can you get a
handle? [music] We're coming [singing]
to the 786. What a scandal. You know,
Jason Casper loves to lick his sandals.
When the price dumps down, I can't even
get a [singing and music] handle. Hey,
yo. What's [cheering] that up on the
mantle? A picture of a Bitcoin. It's
looking like Santo. Santo, my good
friend Uncle Jake Casper about to pump
like a skunk hole.
You know, they switched up my beat. The
heck is going on here?
All right, buy the rip, baby. Lick the
dip.
Let's lick the dip. He says, "Please
stop rhyming." Hey, yo. Jake Casper, the
guy got to stop rhyming. [music]
He's so white, he's got to the bad
timing. If only his skin had more
melanin, he could [singing and music]
sit back and flow. Listen to him get it
in. But you know, I'm so white. We're
sitting here, the bears and the bulls in
a fight. I'm long a Bitcoin from the
[music and singing] top up all night. I
lost all my money, baby. This just ain't
right.
>> [music]
>> Here we go. The candle's turning red.
Jason Casper [singing] got the bars in
his head. [music]
Are the trades alive or are they dead?
We got to check on the chart purple
looking so fed 17.
>> [music]
>> 17.
17.
Oh, man.
Barry Mantelo.
All right, here we go, baby. Let's see
what's actually going to happen here.
Look at that thick wick on on Bitcoin.
Wow.
Look at that. Let's go to the 1-minute
chart.
All right, this looks like we could get
a bounce from here, guys. If we reclaim
the VWAP, it's over. It's over for the
bears.
If we reclaim the VWAP, it's over for
the bears.
Let's go to the 1-minute chart.
>> [clears throat]
>> Oof, come on, baby. We got to reclaim
the wap.
Reclaim the VWAP.
Yeah, it's crazy, right? You took your
eyes off the chart for 2 seconds.
Turn it back to purple and blue.
I know, right? The red and green, it
does hurt the dopamine levels.
We're on a little bit of a dopamine fast
today, guys.
I think we might I honestly, this is a
nice deep retest here.
All right, let's see what happens.
Let's see what happened. You know what
is crazy? You know, you know what really
is crazy?
>> [music]
>> Is this morning
in the Casper Crew VIP live stream,
we gave this short setup. And look at
the You know what's crazy about the
short setup is look at where we came up
to.
Believe it or not, guys. I mean,
you know, shout out to Tory Trades, by
the way. I mean, could it really be that
simple? Could it really be that simple?
One,
two,
three.
Could it really be that simple? Short
setup given in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord.
Look at that. Look at that, man.
Look at that.
Look at that. Right up to the dang
entry. Literally right up to the dang
entry.
We wick right into there.
Hit that trend line, boom.
Isn't that crazy? Shout out to the
Casper Crew VIP Discord. You know what's
crazy? Not only did we give this level,
but we also gave this level.
We gave both a low and a high.
Well, at least I did. I don't know what
the other instructors are doing. They're
probably killing these markets as well
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord at
JasonCasperTrading.com.
You know?
But, anyway, let's see. Can we get a
move to the upside?
All right, we were down We're back up
We're back up to 18k. We were down 2k.
We're up 3k. Now we're down three, back
to four, five, six.
All right, let's see what else is going
on here.
>> [music]
>> Bitcoin trying to get a recover. The
dollar
No. No. My goodness. Look at this, guys.
The S&P 500
has filled the gaps.
The S&P has filled the gap.
All right, and we're starting to get a
bounce from the gap on the S&P.
All right, Bitcoin is bouncing from the
786. We're starting to get a bounce on
the Bitcoin.
All right, the the dollar though,
there's no
dump in sight. This thing This dollar is
worth $100.
Oh, I crack myself up. Jason, you're so
But Jason, you're not as funny as your
good friend Kevin Warsh. Jason, you're
not as funny as me. Wait until I come
out today and start telling jokes from
the podium. All right, it's going to be
the best press conference of your life.
Jerome Powell is going to be so
embarrassed about how bad he's been all
these years when I come out and put him
to shame.
All right.
Jerome Powell, no uh-uh. No oh no, baby.
No no. Uh-uh-uh. Jerome Powell, don't
mess with me.
Here we go, baby. [music]
19 minutes
until Kevin Warsh starts feeding us
spinach.
All right, did we reclaim the
VWAPinator?
Let's see.
No, we didn't yet. We didn't reclaim
VWAP yet. Not at least not on Bybit. And
Bybit's the only chart that counts,
guys.
Bybit's the only chart that counts.
Let's put on our VWAP here.
We're trying, but we're we're just we're
a little bit below it.
All right, we're a little bit below it.
I know, right? No more. No more drone
power.
It's really sad, Jboy bullish. It really
is sad. But we need to reclaim the VWAP
now. All right, come on Bitcoin.
Come on, itty-bitty Bitcoin.
All right, guys. We got We got about 15
minutes. We got about 15 minutes
until
the press conference. All right, big
shout out to everybody in the chat right
now.
Big shout out to mental extraction.
Buy the rumor, sell the news. We dump on
this back test. All right.
Let's see what happens.
Shout out to market monkey terminal in
the house, baby.
Shout out to help 3902. He says, "Look
at RK LB." What is RK LB?
I don't know what RK LB is.
Shout out to Daniel. He says, "Praise
God always. Praise the Lord."
He says, "I like the page just because
your bars are so good. Don't stop. Let's
go Bitcoin. Let's go Bitcoin." Here's
the thing, guys. We have 20 minutes to
get 1,000 likes so we can give away
$1,000. And if we don't get 1,000 likes
within
the next 19 minutes, the sad truth of
the reality situation is I'm going to
have to zap my face with an electric bug
zapper.
I'm going to have to zap my face with an
electric bug zapper, guys.
All right. This thing right here. This
Tetris racket. And it's going to hurt.
It's going to hurt. It's going to shock
my tongue. It's going to hurt, man. I'm
not excited. Bitcoin's dumping. Please,
just like the video. Look, it's come
down to this, guys.
I have to beg and zap. J Casper, I have
to beg and zap just to make the likes
like.
You know? [snorts]
Um
Free fall to 64K, that would be insane,
man. That would be insane. I can't wait
for this press conference.
Come on, bitty.
Ah, man.
All right. Come on, bitty-bit Bitcoin
bit Bitcoin.
Let's see what's going to happen here.
We got the big old purple candles.
Can we turn it blue?
You know, this is really where I might
actually contemplate taking some profit
on the long trade and adding to the
short trade depending on what happens
here.
All right, we might be putting some big
money on the market right now.
All right, we got to wait.
Mental extraction says, "Like the video
so this man can move out of his parents'
garage." Yeah, seriously, guys.
>> [music]
>> Seriously.
Can't get 1,000 likes with 800 viewers.
That's true, Giga Chad, but here's the
thing, bro. Call up your mom, call up
your mom's friends, call up your work
friends, call up your girlfriends,
boyfriends, friends, and tell them to
come watch and like, man. Look, it's all
on you guys.
You know?
It's all up to you guys.
You know, here we go. We're trying.
We're trying.
We're trying to reclaim the V web. Here
we go, baby. Here we go.
All right, so here's the deal. Like,
we're going to zoom back out to the
macro while we wait 15 minutes for this
thing to happen.
All right. Whoa. Oh, man. Oh my. Oh my.
>> [singing and music]
>> That was the most disgusting thing I've
ever seen in my life.
Okay, so here's the deal what's really
happening here, guys.
The Bitcoin price
is attempting
to either reject or reclaim this major
zone of support resistance split.
After breaking down from the range,
we are back testing the macro range
value area low POC.
We are doing so with some pretty macro
bullish signs. If we can close the daily
candle above 68,000, the probabilities
are highest that we squeeze our way up
to this zone here, at least.
Okay? If something bearish happens
today,
and we get we see a harsh rejection,
especially
I mean, the the reality of the situation
is we do have a bearish engulfing candle
from yesterday,
and if this thing closes more bearish, I
mean, that that would look like a pretty
intense rejection. We get a red dot on
the daily,
which would probably put us down to a
new low around between I I'd say the
mid-50s. Our macro golden pocket down
here. So, this is a really, really
important Wednesday, where the weekly
highs and lows are often put in.
All right?
4-hour wants to print a trigger wave
right here.
And you can see it just based on this,
as the price gets lower,
the momentum gets higher, giving us the
coveted good old uneven butt cheek
pattern. Big juicy left, skinny on the
right. We even have a trarticular
formation down here.
One, two,
three cheeks. Then we have the back test
of the golden pocket from the low to the
high.
Back test the golden pocket with a
trigger wave, and now this next wave,
after the money flow crosses, has the
potential to shoot us up
to infinity and beyond, baby.
Infinity and beyond.
I live in the garage. Yeah, I live in
the garage,
>> [music]
>> you know?
I live in the garage. Look, it's tough
when you're a trader and you're
leveraged long in the top every single
day.
It's hard to get out of your mom's
garage, but here's the thing.
At least there's hope. At least there's
hope.
Um
40K end of the year?
J Boy Bulls got shocked yesterday, and
it was exhilarating.
Is it possible that liquidity wants that
Bitcoin wants to take 63,600
liquidity?
63.6?
Um
It's possible, but if we start to come
down that low, why not go for all this?
Is how I would look at that. Why not go
for all of this?
If we're coming down that low, why not
go for all this? And honestly, if we
pull this guy
right?
Yeah, it's it's if we're if if we don't
hold there, we're probably [music]
coming all the way back down to 60k or
lower. That that's
It's possible.
Now, obviously
I am looking for a a long from this area
in general, cuz we do have quite a quite
a large number of confluences in this
area.
But
I would I would like a little a bounce
maybe a little bit before 63.
I'd like 635.
Is is where I would kind of want to see.
But we have 11 minutes.
11 minutes. Yeah, 635. We got a lot of
levels here. I guess 633. Yeah, you're
right. We We do have that. We do have
this zone of support right there. So,
yeah, let's see if we can't get a move
down to there. And if we can
well
maybe I'll have to put some fresh money
on Bitcoin.
Maybe I'll end up with a $1 million
position. You know?
$1 million position.
Why am I so bullish?
I don't know. Have you watched the
stream? I literally said it could do it
could go up or it could go down. I'm I'm
pretty neutral right now. I'm long and
short.
I'm I'm pretty hedged. I'm pretty
neutral. I've literally been neutral for
the past few weeks. I've been
waiting to see what the heck is going to
happen.
If we reclaim 68,000, there's every
reason in the world to be bullish.
All right, if we reclaim 68k, there's
literally every reason in the world to
be bullish.
All right, let's take a look at the
chart.
We reclaim 68k. Tell me, what resistance
do we have here?
If we start to reclaim this major point
of control this It's point of Guys, this
point of control is more than just a
point of control of the local range.
This point of control
is the point of control from all
eternity.
At least the last 2 years.
It's the 2-year POC.
All right, we reclaim that. There is I
mean, what resistance do we have? You
tell me, all right? I want to know.
I'm just a guy on a treadmill. I don't
know a thing about technical analysis.
What what what would it be bearish about
the Bitcoin price closing a daily candle
above this level here? What would it be
bearish about it? Are we going to reject
from this resistance right here? We got
this resistance right here, huh?
I don't see it. I don't see any
resistances until we're coming up to
this little zone here.
The Fibonacci golden pocket, all right?
Not only that, we go to the 1-hour
chart.
All right? Now, look, I'm conditionally
bullish. Like, we start reclaiming the
POC. Look at this crap here. This is
garbajio. This is just short squeeze
city right here.
And like I said, it's a tube of
toothpaste.
>> [music]
>> Your 2-year-old's learn how to brush his
teeth. He's got the Elmo's Elmo's
bubblegum flavor toothpaste tube or
whatever the heck your wife buys. It's
probably not the Elmo cuz your wife's
healthy. She doesn't use that that weird
stuff that the normies use.
The NPCs with their fluoride toothpaste
and all that crap.
Whatever healthy toothpaste brand your
wife uses so your kids don't turn into
retards.
It's ready to squeeze, baby. Squeeze
that tube of toothpaste I got left on
the floor. You're stepping on it in the
middle of the night on the way to the
bathroom to take a pee.
Cuz you got so much coffee running
through your dang bladder.
So much coffee in the bladder.
Here we go. 12-minute pumping, baby.
9 minutes. We're up 18 grand.
Let's go, baby.
Yeah, it's got the glitter in it. You
know what I mean.
What's the general consensus right now?
Yeah, it's game over if we reclaim the
POC, baby. Exactly.
General consensus is wait and see. We
got mixed messages.
Right? We've got mixed messages.
Do I miss Joe Biden? Yes, I do miss Joe
Biden quite a bit.
I do miss Joe Biden quite a bit.
Yeah, but but I like Trump, too.
I like Trump and Biden, all right?
They're different.
They're different, but they're both
good. They're both good.
It's like McDonald's and Burger King,
right? They're both good. They're both
going to kill you.
But they're different. You know what I'm
saying?
They're different.
So, yeah, I do miss Biden.
I miss Biden. You know, some of the best
times in my life some some of the best
times in my adult life were when Biden
was president.
You know? I had my first son when Biden
was president. I had my first kid when
Biden was president.
Wow.
No, I didn't. I had my first kid when
Trump was I had my first son though when
Biden was president. I became a
millionaire when Biden was president. I
started my homestead when Biden was
president.
Um
Did a lot of stuff.
I turned 30 when Biden was president.
I I I grew I turned into a man when
Biden was president.
You know what I'm saying? Sometimes it
takes
a brain dead guy pooping his pants as
president to really put some hair on
your dang chest. You know what I'm
saying?
To put some hair on your dang chest.
>> [music]
>> Who was behind the Joe Biden mask is the
real question.
Yeah, who knows? Who the heck even
knows?
Seriously.
Um shout out to Joe Potter with the ice
cream cone.
>> [music]
>> Oh, yeah, Biden he eats ice cream. I
forgot about Biden with his ice cream.
>> [music]
>> All right, guys, we got 7 minutes.
Biden's not going to be eating his ice
cream, but our good friend Kevin Warsh.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to Jason
Casper YouTube channel.
I'm going to come out and eat my ice
cream in about
in about 6 minutes, and you're all going
to see how much better I am than Jerome
Powell.
Jerome Powell said he was better than
me. I said, "Nah, girl. Uh-uh. Girl,
uh-uh-uh."
That's exactly what I said.
Make sure to like the video.
All right.
Come on, baby.
Come on, baby. I cannot wait for this
press conference. Let's get it set up
and ready. All right, let's get it set
up and ready.
>> [music]
>> Let's get it set up and ready.
Let's see here.
Yeah, maybe maybe an orange Biden would
be the best combination. Or maybe maybe
Biden eating an orange an orange
creamsicle ice cone ice cream cone
would be the best, you know.
It's hard to say.
Maybe Kevin Warsh
will uh
will help us formulate our thoughts on
on the best combination between Biden
and Trump.
You know.
Here we go, baby. We're getting ready.
We're getting ready.
It's so funny. People in the chat are
bearish. People in the chat are bullish.
Popping a beer. Cheers, guys. Cheers to
you, man.
Cheers to you. [music] I hope it's an
enjoyable
beverage, all right?
Hope it is an enjoyable beverage.
I haven't had a sip of beer
since 2024. Well, I haven't had a sip of
alcoholic beer
since 2024, February 2024. I had two
sips
of Blue Moon at a very fancy restaurant.
It was a very fancy restaurant. The
whole walls were made out of fish tanks.
All right?
I I two sips of a Blue Moon.
It was great. And you know what? The
truth about beer is after the first two
sips it tastes like garbage, but the
first two sips taste so damn good.
That's the thing about beer. You take a
sip of beer, you're like, "Wow, that was
great."
Cold, crisp, tasty.
Second sip, still pretty good. From then
on, eh.
Eh.
The only thing it does from then on
is lower your testosterone and make you
feel like crap.
>> [music]
>> So, I'm I'm They call me They call me
two-sip Jason. Jason two-sip.
You know?
Jason two-sip.
Jason up I come to a party up there's
old Jason two-sip. You know, don't even
give him a beer. He's going to waste it.
Two sips.
Going to take two sips of that.
Jason two-sip.
Chest and arms only is the answer,
that's for sure.
Shout out to Larry Garcia in the gym
right now. What should I train?
What have you trained this week, bro?
This morning I did some weighted
chin-ups and some heavy weighted dips.
And I did some Hammer Strength incline
super incline chest press
and some T-bar rows, old school T-bar
rows
with the barbell in the landmine.
That was a That was a good fun workout.
There's nothing like a good heavy and
they were heavy reps, too. Chin-ups and
dips I was doing sets of one to three
reps.
I hit a single 170 lb
tied onto my 200-lb body for a total
370-lb
>> [music]
>> weighted chin-up. Let me tell you,
there's just something so fun about
doing heavy singles, doubles, and
triples on weighted chin-ups
and weighted dips. There's just
something fun about it. Gets you It gets
you pumped,
powered up.
You feel good after.
You know what I'm saying?
You need strong legs. If you want to
train your legs, here's what you should
do.
We got 3 minutes. You should do Smith
machine Bulgarian split squats.
And you should super set them with just
old school barbell Romanian deadlifts.
And then, after you do that,
you should do some hip thrusts or
conventional deadlifts. I always end
with conventional deadlifts because
if I start with conventional deadlifts,
I can't get any other meaningful work
in.
But, there's nothing like the Bulgarian
split squat, Romanian deadlift, hip
thrust
>> [music]
>> trifecta
of leg destruction.
All right.
Of course, you know, you throw some calf
raises in there, right?
>> [laughter]
>> Who the heck trains calves though? Who
even needs calves? Who even needs calves
anyway? We got 2 minutes, baby.
We got 2 minutes
until the press conference. I'm excited.
We got it loaded up here. Let's see.
Let's see.
This is the wrong window.
Where's my Where's my
Hang on.
Oh.
There it is.
What the heck?
All right.
Here we go.
1 minute until the press conference.
Is it press conference?
Heavy traps and shoulders Monday. That's
what's up, man.
That's what's up.
Nothing like heavy traps day. Man, I've
been putting some farmers walks, heavy
farmers walk. Talking like 365 lb
farmers walks. I have a long driveway.
Walk all the way down
the hill and then all the way up the
hill.
>> [music]
>> I do it in two separate sets. Man, up
the hill with 360 lb
by the time I put that weight back in
this garage,
man, I'm telling you
I you know what? I feel like my abs are
more shredded after 2 weeks of doing
that.
>> [music]
>> You know, I got some shredded I got some
shredded abs right now, guys.
I got some shredded abs right now. Okay,
here we go.
Here we go, baby.
Oh, man, this is going to be so
different.
It's going to be so different.
The suspense The suspense is killing me.
Like a first date.
>> Good day.
>> It's an honor. A true honor to be back
at the Federal Reserve
and to take up this duty at a time of
such consequence.
I've been especially heartened by the
warm welcome of old friends and new
colleagues both.
And I've listened closely to my fellow
FOMC members.
Heard a lot of new ideas, new thinking,
and genuine interest in moving the Fed
forward.
This week's FOMC meeting
exemplified the very best of the Fed's
traditions. Rigorous debate,
open-mindedness,
commitment to mission,
responsibility,
and accountability for performance.
In this business,
they all add up to one thing,
getting monetary policy right.
Or as near to it as we can do.
That is our North Star.
My colleagues and I are here to serve
our legislative remit.
Which you've heard us say before, price
stability and maximum employment.
And these objectives guided our business
in the meeting just concluded.
As you saw a few moments ago, the
committee decided to maintain the target
range for the Fed funds rate
at 3 and 1/2 to 3 and 3/4%.
In support of the Fed's dual mandate.
The committee also reaffirmed its policy
of maintaining ample reserves in the
banking system.
Economic activity is expanding at a
solid pace, despite elevated uncertainty
that owes in part to the conflict in the
Middle East.
Productivity growth and capital
investment both strong.
Job gains have kept pace with the
workforce and the unemployment rate has
changed little.
We recognize that inflation has been
running well ahead of the Fed's
long-stated inflation goal of 2%.
That's been going on for more than 5
years.
>> [clears throat]
>> Persistently high prices are burden for
the American people.
But the recent past need not be
prologue.
I am pleased to report
that members of the FOMC are unambiguous
and unanimous. This committee will
deliver price stability.
At any institution, a change in
leadership
is a natural and timely opportunity
to reaffirm its mission,
to review current practices,
and to consider whether those practices
best meet our objectives.
My Fed colleagues and I will be working
in close collaboration
to ask what changes might improve the
conduct of monetary policy.
On that score, you might have already
noticed something, a difference in
today's policy statement.
It's a bit shorter, a bit simpler, and
it dispenses with some older language.
That statement just gives you the facts
as best we can judge it.
Absent also is so-called forward
guidance, which we agreed was not well
suited to the current policy
conjuncture.
This afternoon,
you also received the usual summary of
economic projections.
It's been the practice of this committee
for participants to submit these
projections, and I have encouraged my
colleagues to continue to do so.
I, however, refrained from offering any
projections of my own,
consistent with my long-held views on
the SEP, at least as currently
structured.
In the median projections, real GDP
rises at 2.2% this year,
2.3% next year,
and total PC inflation runs at 3.6%
this year,
2.3% next year.
The unemployment rate stands at about
4.3%.
The median participant judges that the
appropriate federal funds rate to be at
3.8%
at the end of this year,
and 3.6 at the end of next.
Let me turn now to a few words on a key
initiative that we're announcing today.
I'm appointing a task force in each of
five areas that are central to the broad
conduct of monetary policy.
First, Fed communications.
Second, the Fed's balance sheet.
Third, our use and reliance on existing
data sources.
Fourth, productivity and jobs in an era
of transformation.
And last, the Fed's inflation
frameworks.
These subjects are timely,
consequential,
and in my view worthy of a fresh look.
My colleagues and I discussed them with
energy and purpose over the last couple
of days.
For each of these independent task
forces, I'm enlisting some of the very
best minds both inside and outside the
economics profession.
They will be supported by subject matter
specialists from our superb Fed staff.
And they'll have a straightforward
charge. Start with first principles.
Ask hard questions.
Examine current practice. Consider
alternatives.
And ultimately, propose next steps for
policy maker consideration.
Since last summer, my colleagues
discussed possible improvements in the
form and function of Fed communications.
This new task force will build on that
effort. And I expect propose some
well-considered changes including to the
SEP I mentioned a few moments ago.
The second task force, the one on
balance sheet policy,
will review the benefits and risks of
the current ample reserves regime
and the composition of the Fed's balance
sheet.
They will assess alternative frameworks
for the conduct and operation of
monetary policy.
The third task force, the one on data,
will evaluate new information sources
and consider methodological changes to
improve data gathering
with the aim of giving policy makers
more accurate,
relevant, contemporaneous,
and perhaps most important actionable
information on the state of our economy.
Fourth, the task force on productivity
and jobs.
It'll survey the pace, the reach, the
economic impact
of new general purpose technologies
including AI.
And explore the implications for the pet
for the Fed in pursuit of our employment
and inflation mandates.
The last task force, the one on
inflation frameworks.
That'll examine the drivers of
inflation, first principles, and weigh
the full range of ideas for delivering
price stability in a changing economy.
You'll hear quite a bit more about these
task forces and this overall initiative
in the coming weeks.
Enough for now to make a simple
statement.
Each task force will serve an objective
shared by everyone in the system.
Shared by everyone around that table
that I sat with over the last couple of
days.
A Federal Reserve that is clear-eyed
about its mission,
fit for purpose, and focused on the
future.
And with that, I appreciate your
attention. I'm happy to take your
questions.
>> Howard Schneider
>> Wow, hi Chairman Howard Schneider with
Reuters, good to see you again and and
and welcome back. Um this is a lot to be
putting in motion so fast. What is the
timeline you have in mind for for each
of these?
>> So,
I think it'll depend on the task force.
It also depends on the urgency in which
we need clear answers.
My expectation, I'm still in the
business of recruiting and finalizing
them. My expectation is the task forces
will begin work in the next couple of
weeks
and we'll start to get some more
information from them, some more framing
of how they see things starting in the
fall and hopefully most if not all of
them concluding by year end.
>> I
uh just specifically on the inflation uh
framework, uh you talk about first
principles. Does this include a review
of the 2% target itself? Uh you've
mentioned that things to the right of
the decimal point don't matter.
Uh should this be starting from a
premise that
2% as a point estimate is is too strict?
>> Let me break that into two pieces. Uh
first on the inflation framework review,
their remit is what are the drivers of
inflation? What's the Fed's
[clears throat] responsibility for
inflation? In part, how do we measure
inflation? But that'll overlap with my
data group. Uh on the 2% inflation
objective, that is the Federal Reserve's
long-held objective of 2%.
You've heard me say before, uh I tend to
focus on the left of the decimal point.
Well, the two is the left of the decimal
point. For now, zero is to the right. I
see no reason until we have
reestablished our commitment and ability
to deliver on the 2% inflation objective
to revisit that. So, that'll be outside
the scope of what we're taking on.
>> Colby.
Thank you so much. Colby Smith with The
New York Times. You've in the past said
that inflation is a choice and in the
policy statement, um it includes this
pledge to deliver price stability as
you've reiterated today.
But looking at the SEP, the bulk of your
colleagues expect core PCE to run around
3.3% by year end and for the 2%
inflation target not to be reached until
2028.
So, I'm curious how patient you think
the Fed can afford to be at this
juncture in terms of waiting for
one-time inflation waves to wash through
and for underlying inflation to step
down after so many years of inflation
running above target. And under what
circumstances you would support the Fed
taking some action and raising rates?
>> Sure. So,
quite a bit there. Let me let me try to
break that into pieces.
First, we have the capability and
commitment to deliver on our price
stability objective of 2%. That's
exactly what we're going to do.
Um
the at in the Fed's review of its
strategy over the last any number of
years in January, the Fed, including the
strategy that we're still bound by, the
Fed's statement says that inflation is
primarily determined by monetary policy.
You bet it is.
I've said for years inflation's is a
choice. You bet it is.
And today I'm announcing that this
committee unambiguously and unanimously
have decided we are going to deliver on
that.
Rest of your questions sounded like a
encouragement for me to give forward
guidance. Uh we've dropped forward
guidance. Uh some along the committee, I
think dropped it. I suspect from our
discussion last couple of days cuz they
said at this moment in time it doesn't
feel as though providing forward
guidance is right. Others have, I'd say,
different views and think as a general
proposition forward guidance isn't the
business we should be in. But that'll be
taken up by the task force on
communications and my policy maker uh
colleagues, we're going to listen hard
to what the experts say and make our own
decision. Um but I can't give any
forward guidance about what we're going
to do next. The good news is we'll be
meeting in 6 weeks.
>> So just following up, I guess, on the
current policy settings then, I am
curious how restrictive you think things
are at the current current moment given
the flow of data that we've seen and,
you know, forecasts that are coming down
the pipeline.
>> Yeah. I I've heard char-
characterizations both inside in the Fed
about that. I'll give you my own.
It's uneven.
If I look at the housing markets as one
example,
uh Fed policy isn't the the single
determinant of the state of the housing
market, but broadly I would say there
Fed policy appears to be somewhat
restrictive.
I would have a hard time
managing to say those words if I were to
see what's happening in financial
markets. So, I'd say it's uneven.
That's perhaps a function of different
transmission mechanisms of monetary
policy, whether monetary policy is
coming from our interest rate tool or
our balance sheet tool. But, the good
news we have a task force on that, too,
and the balance sheet task force will be
looking more at that subject.
>> Mike McKee.
>> You've said you you don't like forward
guidance. You dropped it from the
statement this time. But, with the dot
plot, nine members suggested that they
want a rate increase by the end of the
year, and the markets have taken that as
forward guidance. So, what does this
mean in terms of how you guide the
markets and in terms of uh
what the dot plot's future is?
>> Um I'm going to have to give you the
same answer I gave to to Miss Smith.
We've got a task force for that. Um
I'll give you a little bit more.
Uh
I reviewed the dot plots, and when I saw
the submissions, I noted that all the
submissions were coming in with pencils.
You know, those kind with the big
erasers.
Um that's to say that I think my
colleagues around the table, when they
submitted their dots, understand the
world is changing quite quickly. And
they didn't feel bound by them 6 weeks
from now or 6 days from now, and if in
the event that their circumstances
change. Um I'll note a couple of other
things. What I heard around the table
was as they submitted their modal
forecasts, their modal forecasts, to be
clear, weren't This was more likely than
not.
This was This was more likely than their
other scenarios. So, I didn't hear
um tons of conviction. What I heard was
the kind of humility that I think we
should have.
I did not submit a a a dot. For me, it's
not helpful in the conduct of policy.
I suspect by year-end, as I mentioned in
my opening statements, there'll be a
review about
communications broadly. Press
conferences, dots,
uh meetings and the like, transcripts,
minutes. This will be part of that. I
don't want to prejudge the outcomes
there, um but I'm pretty open-minded
about what they could be.
And I was just incredibly impressed over
the last couple of days. Uh my
colleagues over the last 2 days and
frankly over the first 3 weeks I've been
here, they've been very open about
changes. Changes aren't easy. Changes
filled with risk.
But our number one goal is to get
monetary policy right.
The way to get monetary policy right is
to deliver on the remit the Congress
gave us, to deliver on price stability.
And there was uh no disagreement on any
of those points.
>> At the risk of uh possibly getting the
same answer about task forces, uh
communications, uh what is your feeling
about these news conferences? Are you
going to continue uh one after every
meeting? Uh
do you think find them useful? Uh what
is the future for the way Kevin Warsh
will communicate?
>> Well, this one's probably got another 15
or 20 minutes in it, so I don't want to
prejudge the outcome. Um
Uh
press conferences can be a very useful
way to communicate with households,
businesses, and more broadly through
using the likes of you.
I had a a great old mentor named George
Shultz and his mantra
was press conferences are useful, but
when you have one, you want to make sure
you have something important to say.
Today, I think we had something
important to say
about our commitment to deliver on price
stability,
our commitment to rethink practices with
an eye of moving the Fed forward,
and to give you and the American people
a sense that these aren't idle thoughts,
these are concrete thoughts, that we're
going to seek out the best minds, both
the best thinking inside of the Federal
Reserve and the best people I know in
business and economics and the academy
and technology and the rest to share
their views. That's what we're going to
be doing here, the pursuit of truth.
I think we're going to come up with some
new and interesting things.
We made some changes today. I expect
more changes to come. And
and some of those might well be worthy
of a press conference.
>> Chris Rugaber
>> [clears throat]
>> Hi, Chris Rugaber at S&P Global. Best
thanks for taking our questions.
Could you give us a sense of how you see
inflation more in the long term? I know
you may not want to comment on the ups
and downs, but is this mainly driven by
energy prices and the Iran war at this
point or do you have any concerns about
underlying inflation pressures in the
economy? Thank you.
>> So I can't do much better than than the
committee just did. So let me let me
restate it. Inflation remains elevated
relative to committee's 2% goal, in part
reflecting supply shocks that have
driven price increases in certain
sectors including energy.
That's the paragraph goes on to say, but
to be clear, the Fed will deliver price
stability.
My own judgment is the committee spent
quite a bit of time, not just in two
days, but over iterations of a couple of
weeks. That's what we're prepared to say
about inflation, but the commitment to
deliver is strong, unanimous, and
unambiguous. And that's I think an
important message we've missed for 5
years and and we're going to fix that.
>> Well, great. And then just on your the
data task force and everything else. I
mean, generally speaking
I think people feel the feel the Fed
looks at everything already. Certainly
that was the sense from before. Uh
what's is there data that you feel is
not given enough weight? I mean, you
mentioned the trimmed mean in the past,
but again, that's well known to
certainly most Fed members. So, what is
that task force looking at and and what
what might be the I mean, I know you
don't want to prejudge the outcome, but
are there examples of data that you
expect might be given more weight? Thank
you.
>> So, you're answering my question. So,
let me say I don't want to prejudge the
outcome. I also don't want to say too
much about what they're going to do
because I still have a phone call or two
to make before I've nailed down the
people that are doing that. Um I'm
interested in what the outside experts
view is on the subject.
I'll say this generally. Um
most of the data that central bankers
and other government officials in the
United States consume
come with old-fashioned survey methods.
Uh
a national accounts of the what the US
economy looks like that looks very
little like the US economy in 2026.
Um survey methods that don't have
response rates that we need, asking
questions that might have been quite
applicable a generation ago that are
less applicable now.
So, even inside of official statistics,
I would be open-minded if the task force
and our own best thinking had
recommendations how those official
statistics can be brought up to a
standard of of our time using new
analytic methods.
I'd also say this, almost every private
company CEO that's running his or her
business are doing so with real-time
information.
That isn't subject to much revision.
That is telling them what just happened
at that very moment.
As you know, there are normal long and
variable lags in the conduct of monetary
policy.
What we're really interested in is
what's happening right now.
What we're less interested in is echoes
of history. And you're hearing from my
answer that some of the data that we
receive, that we're waiting on, the
first Friday after the month of payroll
index or something else, that might be
an echo of history that's quite useful
on its third revision. We need to take
those error bounds down because we have
to make hard decisions in real time.
I'm really open-minded that there is a
lot of new data sources that we can
learn from the private sector, from
reforms in the official sector, and new
analytic techniques
that are far more refined than asking a
simple question about whether something
was core or non-core.
>> Edward.
>> Thanks. Welcome, Mr. Chairman. Edward
Lawrence with uh Fox Business. So, if
you don't give a lot of ongoing forward
guidance, won't the markets have more
volatility, and shouldn't Americans have
more access into what you're thinking
going forward?
>> Um so, I think financial markets
perform best when they react to incoming
data.
I think they're the financial markets
work less efficiently when they ask a
question, "How will the Federal Reserve
react to that incoming information?"
Um the more that markets are paying
attention to what's happening in the
real economy, deciding what's good data
and what's less good data, the more
financial markets can price what they
believe is the most likely and what are
the tail risks.
Financial market prices are probably the
most important source of information to
guide central bankers.
But when all the financial markets are
doing is reflecting back what we've
said, then we're taking the most
important source of information, and
we're being blind to it. I'd like us to
create a system where those blinders
come off, where markets are following
data that they efficiently think is
reliable,
and they'll be watching data, we'll be
watching data, they'll come with better
information through market prices to us,
we can make more informed decisions,
but ultimately the goal that I set at
the outset deliver on the price
stability objective that Congress told
us to do and that we better get in the
business of doing.
>> Yeah, if I could take you in the meeting
a little bit. So your first meeting that
the board members seem fairly hawkish
when you listen to in general when you
listen to what they're saying. Was there
any discussion of a rate cut going
forward today?
>> Um
there was one proposal on the table.
There was no discussion of any other
proposals.
Um the discussion on that proposal I
would say was quite limited. The group
was unanimous and unambiguous on it. Um
it has been the practice of of this
Central Bank and others to have a range
of alternatives.
Um
today we had one. I thought it further
discussion deepened it uh and made it
clear what we needed to do and how we
needed to deliver. I wouldn't prejudge
what happens in the future, but there
was only one big subject for us. We took
it on. We had a good family fight on it
for a couple of days and we ended up I
think in a better place.
>> Claire.
Thanks a lot. Claire Jones, Financial
Times. Um you know, coming to this blind
reading this very nice short statement
that I think we've all appreciated in
the room. Um
one might wonder why you didn't raise
rates today considering what you're
saying here um about the the risks to US
inflation and your mandate. Um
I guess why not and what would you need
to see in order to get to that place?
Um and secondly on your
task forces, are there any best
practices at other central banks that
you'd consider looking at? Thank you.
>> Yeah.
I'm glad they're in the practice of
giving you two questions because my
answer to your first question was going
to be very curt. I've got nothing more
to say than the statement itself.
And to the point of the question I got
before, market reactions to what we say
unfiltered, I think is more helpful than
having delivered a statement, me then
improvising further upon it.
Best practices of task forces, this is
subject I've thought some about. I've
been on a task force or two in my life.
Best practice, find the best minds.
Ensure that the task forces have a range
of people both by backgrounds and
predispositions
so they too can have a bit of a family
fight.
Make sure when you establish a task
force that the group that's going to be
the recipient of the information feels
as if they've got some equities in it,
too.
That's why we're looking for, haven't
done the final roll call, some of the
most significant talent we have in the
building and across the Reserve Banks on
each of these and in some sense
seconding them to this group for a
period of some number of months.
So that the leaders of the task force
know what the most
analytical
central bank in the world thinks about
that. They can reflect on it and a final
best practice,
we're not outsourcing decisions to
anybody.
Administrations past and present,
Reserve Banks have chosen a group of 19
people around the table. These will be
our decisions. We can agree to some of
the recommendations, disagree with
others, have a good family fight about
it. But what comes from them will, I
hope and believe, make the discussion we
have internally better, stronger, more
of a dialectic so that we can finally
deliver on that price stability
objective.
>> Just a quick follow-up on your your
markets point. If you look at two-year
yields, they really suggesting that
markets think more tightening is needed.
Would that be your read on what the
two-year yield is saying as well?
>> We were in such a good place. This is
why we don't do third questions, I
presume. I'm not going to offer any
commentary on market market reaction
over the last 30 or 60 minutes.
What we've given markets is a new
chapter for the Central Bank. Some fresh
thinking.
What we've given markets and households
and businesses, I think, is commitment
to ask ourselves hard questions such
that we can deliver on the promises that
we've made before.
Um
This is a lot of change for financial
markets to digest. I wouldn't be
particularly intrigued by how they react
in the first several minutes or even
first several days. What I think most
important is that financial markets, and
at least as important, households and
businesses know that this Central Bank
will deliver on price stability.
>> Brian.
Hi, I'm Chairman Powell. Brian Cheung
with NBC News. Thank you for taking our
questions. So, when you say that we've
dropped forward guidance, for the
layperson, that might sound like the
Fed's going to say less or offer less
insight into where their borrowing costs
might go. So, for the person that maybe
you might run into at the grocery store,
where the price tags are rising at a
faster pace than their wages at the
moment, how would you explain it to
them? I don't know if task force might
be the answer there, but how would you
kind of communicate this era, this
chapter of the Fed?
>> If I told somebody in the milk aisle
that I had a task force for that, I
think that would be doing a very poor
job. So, I appreciate it. Um
If I tell somebody in the grocery store,
what I would say to them
is that we cannot have a very
significant effect on particular prices.
The price of oil in the markets today or
even the
the price of a dozen eggs,
um that does not have first-order
consequences to what we're doing.
But we do have a really important job
there, and it's to make sure that those
changes in oil or beef or eggs or milk
don't broaden in the economy. Don't have
second and third order effects. That's
our job. That's our commitment. That's
our capability and we're going to
deliver on it.
>> And then is the Fed's relationship with
the uh Treasury also under review? There
was the normal uh breakfast meetings
with the Treasury Secretary. Is that
something you intend to continue doing
and have you had conversations with the
president since your swearing in?
>> So, on the president, I I don't have
anything for you. Um
with respect to the Treasury Secretary,
he has been posting pictures of our
breakfast. So, I don't think I can I
don't think I can un-deny that. The long
tradition at the Central Bank is that
the Fed Chairman and the Treasury
Secretary meet weekly. Uh I think we've
pulled off three of those so far. I
believe he's overseas this week, so this
will be the exception to the rule.
Uh I think they're very useful
discussions.
Um the central banks
uh
objectives and our roles and
responsibilities are quite delineated
from the fiscal authorities.
And in my view, monetary policy is
independent in the conduct of what we
do. But that doesn't mean we're not
interested in what's happening with the
fiscal authorities. The way I think
about it is this Central Bank needs to
have a wide lens, but a narrow remit. We
need to be quite interested what's
happening in the world.
Um I won't be breaking any news here to
suggest I'm quite interested what's
happening in the Middle East. That does
has so- some effect on our day job.
It doesn't mean it's our responsibility,
but I think we're going to keep a wide
lens and my meetings with Secretary
Blinken to this point have helped widen
that aperture. So, we're aware of things
that could affect our day job even if it
isn't.
>> Steve.
>> Steve Liesman, CNBC. Mr. Chair, thank
you Mr. Chairman. Thank you for taking
my question. Um
you had said in the um before uh
you became chairman that you thought
productivity was a reason why the
Federal Reserve could lower interest
rates.
Do you still believe that to be the
case?
>> So, the committee had a discussion of
productivity today. AI came up.
The way I thought about it before and
socialized with the group
is that That doesn't mean that it's
going to be easy. That certainly doesn't
mean it's not going to be disruptive.
But over the long term, my conviction,
and I heard quite a bit of support for
this around the committee today, the
United States is a winner
as we go down this. The United States is
ultimately going to be better off in
that.
Now, to bring that back to the going to
be better off in that.
Now, to bring that back to the conduct
of policy, timing, scale,
speed, implications for output and
employment, um
it's one of the things we have a task
force to do.
>> If you don't mind a follow-up from the
other side, which is that when you look
at the strong job growth that's out
there, the elevated inflation, GDP seems
to be going pretty good, and the stock
market seems to be soaring,
do you look around this economy and see
the funds rate being restrictive?
>> So, um that's your second question. I'm
going to give the same answer that I
gave before. I'd say as I think about
the conduct of policy, what matters is
what's the effect of policy. Not What do
we say, but what happens. And the best
way I can describe it's uneven. I do see
some restrictedness in things like
housing. It's hard to use those same
words, uh
>> Did he say uneven?
>> Let's make one other point. Um you
talked about
one of our dual mandates and the
employment side.
I don't believe that we have a cruel
choice. I don't share the view that was
expressed a few generations ago
that Federal Reserve chairmen show up at
a podium like this and say, "You got to
choose.
And uh you're going to have to decide
whether you're willing to tolerate
higher inflation to put more people at
work.
I don't believe in that. What I believe
is if we do our job, we can make strong
growth,
low prices, and strong employment
mutually compatible.
And so what you heard from the committee
today is we've got some work to do on
this price stability front.
>> Nick.
>> Thank you. Nick Timiraos with The Wall
Street Journal. Uh Chairman Walsh,
you've said repeatedly credibility uh is
earned by delivering. If credibility
requires delivering, the move would be
to tighten or at least to threaten to.
Now, you didn't do that today. Why not?
>> Um
that judgment you expressed was not
expressed by any of the 19 people around
the table. Um we'll be meeting in 6
weeks. We'll take up the issue again.
>> And And if I could ask about AI, the
build-out is generating enormous demand
right now. CapEx, data centers, power.
Uh the productivity payoff may be
further out. So, in your judgment today,
is AI adding more to demand or to
supply?
>> It's a good question. Um
at the central bank and in economics
profession,
what we spend most of our time doing is
counting demand. It's easier.
We can see it, we can count it, we can
check it, we can revise it.
Um what we do though is we infer supply.
You'll notice in the second paragraph
of what one of your colleagues described
as a very short statement,
we have a sentence on the demand side
and a sentence about the same length on
the supply side. They're both important.
Just because we can count one better
than the other doesn't mean we're going
to favor one more than the other.
With respect to AI and the growth of
data centers and infrastructure around
it,
we're counting the demand side and it is
no [clears throat] doubt showing up in
GDP figures.
We can be less certain
when we infer the timing and extent of
the growth in the supply side.
It may well be an intuition the supply
side is going to expand, but it'll take
longer. I just describe it this way.
There's a race between supply and
demand.
Milton Friedman says that the only thing
we know about economics is that there's
a supply line and demand line they
ultimately cross. When they cross, what
are the implications for policy?
The good news for you is we have a task
force for that.
>> Andrew.
Uh thanks, Mr. Chairman. Um uh it
sounded like uh on the task force on
data that that you were looking at
overhauling or completely overhauling
the system of national accounts, the way
the government mines the economy. Is
that your ambition?
>> Um in a word, no.
Uh in a few words,
uh much of this data gathering happens
in other government agencies to which we
owe a tremendous amount of respect,
tremendous amount of deference. But if
in the course of this we come up with
recommendations,
which Fed staff have already begun to
develop, about things that they could be
doing to help inform us as policy
makers, we're not going to hesitate.
Again, I don't want to try to
uh delineate the four corners of the
research of the task force on data,
but I do think there will be a review of
official statistics.
And at least as important a view of
bring bringing the best practices from
the private sector, and new analytical
tools made possible by AI, so we can
forge these into a fabric that gives us
better real-time information. So, as I
mentioned before, when we're making
decisions, we're making decisions that
we'd say are real contemporaneous data,
not data that we call contemporaneous,
that's really an echo of history.
>> Okay. Um thanks. Uh the other question I
wanted to ask is uh related to the the
building renovations. Are you
considering any changes to the
renovations, the projects, um just in
light of the fact that they became kind
of a political football in the last
year?
>> I heard something about that. Um
uh
I don't think I'm breaking any news, but
my view when you show up at a new
institution, you should go meet with the
Inspector General just as a matter of
good practice.
Um it's a practice that I hope to
continue. I've had one meeting with the
Inspector General
and he told me what I believe the world
knows, which he'll be coming out with a
report on the [clears throat] building
and the building projects at some point
later this summer. Um and uh I'll be
interested in reading the report. From
my perspective with a forward-looking
glance, is there anything that we can be
doing or should be doing
from this moment until the completion of
the project to do what we can to be good
stewards of taxpayer money and make sure
that the we're delivering on the the
promises that we made. Uh so more work
to do. You might not be surprised in the
first few weeks. I've been somewhat
preoccupied on other matters, but I
promised it to to get to the full
breadth of the Fed's uh tasks in the
weeks ahead.
>> Victoria.
Hi, Victoria Guida with Politico. Um
so I know that you did not submit a
forecast, but you are the person who is
authorized to speak on behalf of the
FOMC. So I'm wondering if you could tell
us in the SEP, um the increase in the
expectations for inflation, is that
all because of the Iran war? What was
the discussion around what would the
expectations for inflation being higher
and and also potentially growth being
slower?
>> So um
my read of what I heard in the room
reflected, I must admit, in the SEPs
is half of my colleagues thought the
policy rate, given all those
developments, should be at this level or
lower between now and year end, and the
other half thought higher.
Um that 19th voter was me, and I didn't
submit one.
Um there's a range of views on the
questions of of uh first-round and
second-round effects.
Uh no resolution or conviction,
but we'll be meeting again in 6 weeks.
I think we're going to know more then,
and I think that my colleagues are very
attentive to incoming developments
between now and then.
>> And can I just quick follow up on the
SEP? You said that you're still
encouraging your your your fellow
committee members to submit forecasts
even if you're not doing it. So, what do
you think is the benefit of them doing
it even if you don't?
>> Uh that's the commitment that the FOMC
made, and it's a commitment that I hope
we live up to.
Commitment we made was to deliver price
stability. I expect us to live up to it.
By the time we get to the end of this
year, as I mentioned, I wouldn't be
surprised if there was a new
communications framework, there were
some changes to the SEP.
That's a committee discussion, a robust
discussion. I think we'll have it. I
believe we're going to come to uh a
better mix of communications to
um
deliver on what we promised, but I
wouldn't want to prejudge what those
are. But between now and then, I would
continue to expect colleagues to submit
their SEPs.
Um some of them uh
I think believe that the practice as
currently structured is okay, but I
heard a lot of interest in real reform
generally about all these topics.
Uh you didn't ask it, but I'll answer.
It was a It was a pretty gracious couple
of days, and it's been a pretty
uh
warm few weeks. The institution wants to
figure out how we can do better. The
institution's going back to first
principles, and I'm encouraged that what
we've done in the statement, what we're
thinking about doing with respect to the
SEP,
that instinct towards a new chapter is a
real one, and by the end of the year I
hope we can put some points on the board
both in form
and in substance of delivering.
>> We'll end it for the last question.
>> Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Andy Browne,
Bloomberg News. Could you guide us
through, please, some of the principles
that guide your own reaction function,
and tell us a little bit about the kind
of conditions that you think when when
the Fed should respond?
>> Um
it's going to be a very unsatisfactory
answer to the final question.
The Federal Reserve
uh
has a lot of responsibilities, not just
in monetary policy, but in supervision
and regulation, consumer affairs, and
payments.
My own view is our credibility comes
from delivering on what we're saying
we're going to do across everything we
do.
Um I've devoted more time in my first 3
weeks to monetary policy than all those
things.
But the more we deliver on our promises
as good supervisors and good regulators,
the more benefit we get, the more
credibility enhancement we have in
monetary policy.
When we deliver on our price stability
objectives, which we will,
uh the American people will feel as
though the hardships that they've been
living through in part because of
inflation the last 5 years are in the
rearview mirror, and that credibility
will have dividends dividends across
what we do, and the institution will
come to press conferences like this,
always with an impetus to reform, always
with an impetus to to do better, but
we're going to put some points on the
board.
>> And Mr. Chairman, perhaps talk on labor
data in recent months. How would you sum
up the labor data labor market right
now? Do you see it as stable and
potentially a source of inflation? Thank
you.
>> Yeah, so so the committee
uh
if I were to try to capture how the
committee thought about it, the
committee thought that the labor markets
were stable.
There were some people around the
committee who thought that it was
trending better than that.
Uh trends matter more than data points.
Uh what's happening over three or six
months matters more than any one data
point, any one data release.
And I'd say the jobs data has been
moving in a good direction.
If I heard one other thing around that
subject over the course of the last
couple of days, what I heard was that
strong productivity-led growth
is not something that we fear, but
something we embrace. Thank you all very
much.
>> All righty.
Well,
that was quite ambiguous. At times, it
seemed very dovish.
He seemed to have very concise answers.
And then,
other times he seemed to say absolutely
nothing.
So,
uh yeah. Got a little bit of volatility.
The trend is your friend.
Till the end of the trend.
And I don't really know what's going to
happen here. So, someone asked me, why
did I add to the long trade? The reason
I've added to the long trade, guys, is
because
uh this is like the line in the sand for
me right here. So, if this holds, I'm
just going to stay in the long and add
to it.
But, um if it doesn't hold, well, I'll
add to the short.
And I added to the long trade cuz I
wanted to realize some profit, but also
stay in like a decently sized position.
So, I had about a quarter million
dollars on the long trade
to start out with.
And now I have over $200,000 on the long
trade now. [clears throat]
And I've realized eight grand. Stop loss
will stop me out for a $6,000 total
profit, which is good for me.
And yeah, so that's why I added to the
long trade, but I'm not sure what's
going to happen here.
So, I guess we'll find out mañana, but
this dollar is pumping like crazy right
now.
And S&P 500 is rejecting right now.
Bitcoin price
it has made a lower high into the weekly
VWAP. So, if we continue to make lower
lows, I would suspect we're going to dip
below $64,000.
And our next major support is going to
be
uh for Bitcoin
What the heck is this? Oh, yeah, this is
the chart from this morning. Our next
major support on Bitcoin is going to be
around this area right here. So,
the 63 to 63.5 thousand dollars zone.
Oh, man. Why am I yawning? What the
heck?
That's going to be the place. You know
why I'm yawning? Cuz we don't have any
good music here.
We don't have any good music here.
So, you know, we we came in like this
and we left like this, guys.
All right. So, today
we have officially seen
the new chair
Federal Reserve Chair
go from this to this, from this to this.
All right. Day one and he's already a
little crazy.
All right. The hairline went from this
to this now.
All right. It was making higher highs
and higher lows. Now, it's just kind of
flat there. All right.
So, it's very interesting stuff.
I wish
I wish I wish
um
Yeah, we have no music. When there's no
music, Jason Casper starts starts to
yawn. Or so it seems here.
There we go.
My favorite beat is this one here.
Yeah, we need to get the task force on
the music.
Hey yo.
>> [music]
>> Jason don't mean to be harsh, but I got
to give a big shout-out to my man Warsh.
[music]
Coming on the chat just [singing] to
lark. The guy's out here. He starts to
start the price first [music] we pump
up. So dank dovish, but then we come
down and we got to slide [singing] the
ish like the soap on the gloves do the
dishes. The Bitcoin price won't fulfill
[music] my wishes, so we took a loan. We
added to the trade. Jason Casper's
starting to get afraid cuz if we dump
down to support and we fall through
don't you know I'm about to get caught
losing it all.
>> [music]
>> About to lose all [singing] my money.
Purple candles, man, it ain't even
funny. We're hopping down here in the
gym like a bunny. Man, your boy is
feeling [music and singing] so scummy.
Got to give a big shout to my man the
new chair. He came and gave a speech in
his outer wear had the blue [music] tie
looking so fly for a white [singing]
guy. Kevin Warsh keeping on praise and
line. He said don't worry about the
market. [music] Don't worry about the
reaction. We're coming back here and you
know we're getting the traction. We're
outside. We're doing the fractions.
Doing math in our head calculations just
to smack it. Smack it back cuz the
[music] bears versus the bulls Bitcoin
price on the boat in [singing] the hole
in the front. You know we're the market
makers in control. Hopefully we don't
end up in the hole. Got the can of the
beans [music] giving me the the
[singing] as the Bitcoin price is about
to pump so dang fast. We got the clock.
It's past 3:00 p.m. [music]
Bitcoin price
and then we pump it up within the gym
training arms and chest. Got the
preacher curl bicep [singing and music]
machine. It's the best. We got the Smith
machine and that's what's next. The
chest press baby.
Gym in the world. [music] Hey baby,
you're my girl. [singing] Bitcoin price
coming out. You know you mean the world.
We got the box cuz we're doing the box
squat. The [music] Bitcoin price about
to pump to the dick top. We got the
plyometrics. [singing]
Looking like we're out here looking for
the Hendrix. Jimi Hendrix purple haze.
We got it on [music] the guitar. The
Bitcoin price is dumping down so far.
I'm back to the chart. What do we see? A
shooting star candle. GG G. Oh my
goodness. It's dumping so fast. Bitcoin
about to hump right into [music] the
ground.
Yeah, baby.
Oh.
Man, this is pretty wild.
Anyway.
Love you guys. God bless you guys.
We'll be back probably tomorrow or the
next day or the next day or the next
day.
Yo, Sunday, one day, Tuesday, Thursday,
Friday, five days, six days, seven day,
Monday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Thursday,
Wednesday.
God bless you guys. Have a good one.
Make sure to like, subscribe, click the
bell.